Release 2.8.0 (#2290)
software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.6.0/api/gestures/gesture-detector.md

Starting with Reanimated-2.3.0-beta.4 Gesture Handler will provide a [StateManager](./state-manager.md) in the [touch events](./touch-events.md) that allows for managing the state of the gesture.
:::

### `userSelect` (**web only**)

> This parameter allows to specify which `userSelect` property should be applied to underlying view. Possible values are `"none" | "auto" | "text"`. If this parameter is not specified, default value is `"none"`. **Available since version 2.8.0**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter allows to specify which `userSelect` property should be applied to underlying view. Possible values are `"none" | "auto" | "text"`. Defaults to `"none"`. **Available since version 2.8.0**
```
